[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2017 world war two film
Dunkirk so let's get started in 1940
during the fall of France hundreds of
thousands of Allied soldiers have
retreated to the beach at Dunkirk Tommy
a young British private is the sole
survivor of a German ambush at the beach
he finds thousands of troops awaiting
evacuation and meets Gibson who is
burying a body after a German dive
bomber attack Tommy and Gibson rushes
stretcher on to the hospital ship hoping
to get on board and escape but er denied
passage themselves the ship is sunk by
dive bombers and Tommy saves Alex
another soldier they leave at night on a
destroyer which has sunk by a torpedo
from a u-boat Gibson saves Tommy and
Alex and they are brought ashore by a
robo the Royal Navy requisitions as many
civilian vessels that can get close to
the beach mr. Dawson and his son Peter
and their friend George set out on the
boat themselves at sea they rescue a
shell-shocked officer from a wreck ship
when the officer realizes that Dawson is
sailing for Dunkirk he creates a
struggle that causes George to fall and
suffer as a head injury that renders him
blind three Spitfires head towards
France after their leader is shot down
pilot farrier assumes command with a
shattered fuel gauge but the other
Spitfire is hit and crashes its pilot
Collins is rescued by Dawson's bow Tommy
Alex and Gibson join a group of Scottish
soldiers and hide inside a trawler until
the tide rises German troops shoot at
the boat for target practice
when the tide rises water enters through
the bullet holes Alex hoping to lighten
the boats load accuses Gibson who has
been silent the entire time of being a
German spy
Gibson reveals that he is actually
French and he assumed the identity of
the soldier that he had buried earlier
in the film hoping to evacuate with the
British
Alex Tommy and the Scottish soldiers
abandoned the fishing boat when it
begins to sink Gibson is entangled in
Chains and drowns Alex and Tommy swim to
a nearby destroyer but it is sunk by a
bomb
Dawson's boat maneuvers to pick up
troops including Alex and Tommy Peter
realizes that George is dead but when
the shell-shocked officer asked he lies
and says that George will be fine
Ferrier shoots down a pursuing bomber
which crashes and ignites the oil slick
from the sinking destroyer
Ferrier reaches Dunkirk his fuel
exhausted gliding over the beach he
shoots down a dive bomber he lands
beyond the Allied perimeter sets fire to
his plane and is taken prisoner by
German soldiers at the beach British
Royal Navy commander Bolton watches the
last British soldiers leave he confirms
that 300,000 have been evacuated ten
times more than Prime Minister Winston
Churchill had hoped for
he remains to oversee the evacuation of
the French rear guard Alex and Tommy
cross the English Channel and board a
train Dawson is congratulated for having
saved so many men the shell-shocked
officer sees George's body being carried
away Peter visits the local newspaper
with a photo of George and a front-page
article later commends George as a hero
Alex expects public scorn but they
receive a hero's welcome
as the film concludes Tommy reads out
Churchill's address to the nation from a
newspaper so that was the spoilers for
Dunkirk if you have another film you'd
like to see me spoil please let me know
in the comments below check out movie's
spoiler alerts on our various forms of
social media and remember to Like and
subscribe thanks for watching
[Music]